Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep. Dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been praying hard. Said no more counting dollars, we'll be counting stars. Yeah, we'll be counting stars. I see this life, like a swinging vine. Swing my heart across the line. And in my face is flashing signs. Seek it out and ye' shall find. Old, but I'm not that old. Young, but I'm not that bold. And I don't think the world is sold. On just doing what we're told. I feel something so right doing the wrong thing. I feel something so wrong doing the right thing. I couldn't lie, couldn't lie, couldn't lie. Everything that kills me makes me feel alive. Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep. Dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been praying hard. Said no more counting dollars, we'll be counting stars. Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep. Dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been praying hard. Said no more counting dollars, we'll be, we'll be counting stars. I feel your love and I feel it burn. Down this river, every turn. Hope is our four-letter word. Make that money, watch it burn. Old, but I'm not that old. Young, but I'm not that bold. And I don't think the world is sold. On just doing what we're told. I feel something so wrong doing the right thing. I couldn't lie, couldn't lie, couldn't lie. Everything that drowns me makes me wanna fly. Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep. Dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been praying hard. Said no more counting dollars, we'll be counting stars. Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep. Dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been praying hard. Said no more counting dollars, we'll be, we'll be counting stars. Take that money, watch it burn. Sink in the river the lessons I learned. Take that money, watch it burn. Sink in the river the lessons I learned. Take that money, watch it burn. Sink in the river the lessons I learned. Take that money, watch it burn. Sink in the river the lessons I learned. Everything that kills me makes me feel alive. Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep. Dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been praying hard. Said no more counting dollars, we'll be counting stars. Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep. Dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been praying hard. Said no more counting dollars, we'll be, we'll be counting stars. Take that money, watch it burn. Sink in the river the lessons I've learned. Take that money, watch it burn. Sink in the river the lessons I've learned. Take that money, watch it burn. Sink in the river the lessons I've learned. Take that money, watch it burn. Sink in the river the lessons I've learned.
